c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\UpperityProfileManagement.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\UpperityProfileManagement.pdb
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\obj\Debug\UpperityProfileManagement.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\obj\Debug\UpperityProfileManagement.dll
c:\users\icestorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\obj\Debug\UpperityProfileManagement.pdb
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Data.DataSetExtensions.dll
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Data.dll
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Data.Entity.dll
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.dll
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.EnterpriseServices.dll
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Transactions.dll
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.ApplicationServices.dll
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.dll
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.DynamicData.dll
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.Entity.dll
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.Routing.dll
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.Services.dll
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Xml.dll
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Xml.Linq.dll
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\IceStorm\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\UpperityProfileManagement\UpperityProfileManagement\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
